https://bootstrapmade.com/demo/Arsha/

Make a website similar to this but with the following modifications, the website needs to be in MERN stack that is use react, node, express and mongodb alsu you can use material UI for styling:
1. the website is for "Aksion" and the purpose is that users(merchants) can log in to the site and get a customised chatbot created for them.
2. instead of the send a message, it should have a login/signup button which redirects to login/signup page in a similar theme as the main website. Login should ask for email and password and have a "dont have an account? create one" option, there should also be a forgot password implementation that sends a password reset link to the user on registered email. Similarly create a sign up page as well.
3. when user is not logged in they can view the homepage and instead of "Join our newsletter" it should be "Login or Signup now"
4. once user is logged in, they should also be able to view a "your dashboard" page and this should also become visible on the navbar only once the user is logged in. The dashboard should have an option to "get API key" or "generate API key". Once the user is logged in they should be able to view their dashboard which contains analytics of bot performance and also have an option to generate API keys. create separate pages for the dashboard and generating API Keys.
5. make the website completely responsive and navbar should become a hamburger menu for phones and smaller screens
6. When user clicks on generate new API, it should redirect to a page which asks about Project, Bot Name, Service to be provided (eg customer support, salesman etc), it should ask them to upload information doc about their company, it should ask to upload FAQ doc, it should also ask to upload Products doc and it should have a Custom you states part where the user (merchant) can specify the states they want the bot to have. They should be able to add or remove states and they should be able to reorder the states using drag and drop. Each state will have state name and state specification. At the top of this page there should be 3 docs which are "sample about company info", "sample FAQs", and "sample Products" so that the user can see/download them and upload their docs in similar format. All this info cannot be edited later, once submitted and after filling this the user should be able to generate their API key.
7. ensure both frontend and backend should be working. Create frontend using react with mui, and backend in node.js use mongodb for database and express.js.

mongodb_api =mongodb+srv://serendipityisascam:iVDKefY10FjheTxL@cluster0.2rfj7.mongodb.net/?retryWrites=true&w=majority&appName=Cluster0